---
layout: post
title:      "My path to coding"
date:       2018-06-26 22:55:21 +0000
permalink:  my_path_to_coding
---


I have always been amazed by the way computers function, the amazing amount of information they can store, and the multiple things that it can create. As a kid I would look forward to computer class, not only because it got me away from the mundane lectures but because I loved using paint. Drawing circles and filling them up with the paint bucket, messing around with shapes and colors that would make Picasso turn in his grave envious of my "art". Then the programs came, I was mind blown. It all started with Math Blaster, such an educational and fun program. I didn't think much of how it was possible then, but it left an everlasting impression. Fast forward to Middle school, computers were an available elective and I immediately signed up. It was a whole different experience, the teacher explained how computers processed information for it to do what we asked it to. I would always hear computers are so smart and it knows all, but no one ever said that all that information was typed in and programmed by human hands. My 11-year-old brain couldn't handle such revelation, I wanted to learn as much as I could, I wanted to be the one to tell the computer what and how to do it. That dream was crushed immediately. Unfortunately computers cost an arm, leg and possibly even a kidney, so that pursuit was gone quickly. I would go to libraries and use the computer for free, but it was so limited, I wanted my own, I wanted to invest hours into learning the language the computers understood, but never got the opportunity. I became a dental assistant after high school, but I would still toy with computers whenever I had the privilege of using one. It was a fun field, but learning coding was always on my mind. I would fix computers and install software’s for the office I worked at, but It didn't fill the emptiness I had. I heard about the Facebook/Flatiron scholarship from my girlfriend, and I just had to apply, one of the best decisions I have made. Now I am starting my journey into coding and with such a simple and awesome curriculum I look forward to being able to code naturally and with ease. If you the reader have any doubts about Flatiron, then take this journey with me, and as I progress you will see how amazing and sure this program is, and hopefully you as well take the step to learning how to code!
